README.md, before:

# Netflix-gpt
- Header
- Login Form
- Routign
- Form validation
- useRef hook
- Firebase setup
- Create a signup/in account in firebase  
- setup redux toolkit with userSlice
- implemented signout
- update profiel
- fetch movies from tmdb api
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribe to the onAuthStateCChanged callback
- added hardcoded lin ks to constant.js
- Register for TMDB api & create an app & get access token
- Get data from tmdb now playing movies list API
- Created custom hook(useNowPlaying movies) for cleanliness in browse componenet and shifted the code to custom hook
- 



# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page

- Browse (after authentication)

    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Tailer in Background
        - Title & Description
        - MovieSuggestions
            - MovieLists * N 
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

built movie list and card with image url tmdb

README.md, after:

# Netflix-gpt
- Header
- Login Form
- Routign
- Form validation
- useRef hook
- Firebase setup
- Create a signup/in account in firebase  
- setup redux toolkit with userSlice
- implemented signout
- update profiel
- fetch movies from tmdb api
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in redirect /browse to login page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribe to the onAuthStateCChanged callback
- added hardcoded lin ks to constant.js
- Register for TMDB api & create an app & get access token
- Get data from tmdb now playing movies list API
- Created custom hook(useNowPlaying movies) for cleanliness in browse componenet and shifted the code to    custom hook
- Update the strore with movies data
- Planning for main container and secondary container
- Fetch data for trailer video
- update store with trailer video data
- embedded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind classes to make main container awesome
- Build secondary component
- Build Movie List
- Build Movie Card
- TMDB Image CDN URL
- usePopularMovies Custom hook



# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page

- Browse (after authentication)

    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Tailer in Background
        - Title & Description
        - MovieSuggestions
            - MovieLists * N 
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions
